In this exercise, we're going to be
adding a few guarded transitions.
And so, these guarded transitions
are going to ensure that we go to
the right states, and or perform the right
actions only if the conditions are met.
The simplest one to start with is
going to be this volume over here.
So we want to make sure that when we send
a VOLUME event, which isn't in the UI,
but you could send it directly to
the service, just via the console,
we want to make sure that the volume
is only between zero and 10.
And so you could add a guard to do that.
Another guard that we
want to add is a TOGGLE.
And so, this light.toggle is for,
I'll just go over here, guards.
The light.5oggle is for
this heart ,so this is for disliking but
we want to be able to send a light.toggle
event from this heart that
will either like or unlike it,
depending on which one is clicked.
If we go back to our main js,
I just want to show you
that transitions can
also be in the rate too.
So if this transition,
the condition for it is not met,
then we could fall through and
choose a different transition.
So we could say, target,
Let's just having an error state,
so error.
And then let me just show you
how these works real quick.
Let's move the counts below 100.
And so when we skip, now we're in
the error state because that condition or
that guarded transition falls through and
it picks the next one,
since this one wasn't met.
And these are going to be picked
in the order that you specify.
So in the guards challenge,
we are going to be doing the exact
same thing here for 'LIKE.TOGGLE'.
Now there's one more thing to explain for
this exercise and
that's something called
an always transition, or
it's called either an eventless or
an always transition.
We're gonna call it
an eventless transition, but
it's specified with always,
sorry for the confusion.
And so, an eventless transition
is a transition that
is immediately taken when
the condition is true.
So it doesn't need an event to activate,
it's just something that
whenever something causes
the state to change it's going to
be taken if the condition is met.
So, for instance,
instead of this skip over here,
let's say that I have an always.
And I'm always going to,
if the context.count is greater than 100,
then I'm going to go
to the success states.
So notice, this is in the loading state,
and this transition will
now only always be taken if something
causes the state to change or
like when we initially entered
the state and this condition is true.
So, right now,
I'm just going to put a success here.
All right, so right now,
it stays in the loading state,
because that eventless transition
specified via always is not taken.
So now, if I change this to 101,
now you're going to see that it
immediately goes to the success state.
And so that's why eventless
transitions are useful,
because they don't require
events to be activated.
They're just automatically taken
when some condition is true.
So you're going to be using that in
this exercise to go to the pause
state whenever the elapsed value
is greater than the duration.